Update Lisk Elements index page (#1787)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/references/lisk-elements/index.adoc

[NOTE]
====

> The `client` package is specifically designed to be used in the browser and other frontends.
> It is a collection of the following packages:
> 
> `apiClient`, `codec`, `cryptography`, `passphrase`, `transactions`, `utils`, `tree`, and `validator`.

Reviewer: I would mention the names of the packages verbatim.
```suggestion
The `lisk-client` package is specifically designed to be used in the browser and other frontends.
It is a collection of the following packages:

`lisk-api-client`, `lisk-codec`, `lisk-cryptography`, `lisk-passphrase`, `lisk-transactions`, `lisk-utils`, `lisk-tree`, and `lisk-validator`.
```
